## MMUNx
[Click here](http://mmun.jonathanlucki.ca) to view the website. You may use the demo login: [TO BE ADDED BY SEPT 27]

My old high school, Martingrove Collegiate Institute, annually holds the largest high school Model UN conference in Ontario. This conference is incredibly fun and is not your typical boring everyone sit at desks in a circle Model UN - instead there are over 400 people packed into the auditorium and its noisy and people are moving and there are debates going on - its a lot of fun!

THAT BEING SAID: With so many people, it's very easy for things to become disorganized quickly. In particular, to submit an amendment, delegates would have to write it on a piece of paper, wait until the resolution was voted open, when it was voted open many dozens of countries would try to hand them to pages as soon as possible, and they would be brought by the pages to the front to be entered into the system. The problem was this was messy and more importantly very unfair. Some countries would get to speak a lot and some none at all. Many people would get angry.

I realized however, I can fix this, and at the same time make a project that will actually get used by hundreds of people! What resulted was MMUNx, an all-in-one online portal for use by both delegates and the secretariat. MMUNx allows delegates to log into their country, and from that they can view the resolutions, other countries, other amendments, and submit their own amendments - all electronically and even before the conference starts. The system also tracks how many times a country has gotten to propose an amendment and automatically orders the speakers list to ensure those who haven't gotten to speak as much are prioritized.

This results in a much more organized, enjoyable, and of course fair conference for all those participating.